[infrastructure] Improve Python build process (#496)
bystrogenomics/bystro: README.md

## Installing Bystro

> Bystro consists of 2 main components: the Bystro Python package, which consists of the Bystro ML library, CLI tool, and a collection of easy to use biology methods like globaly ancestry, and the Bystro annotator (Perl).

Reviewer: Found a typo and a couple other suggestions:
```suggestion
Bystro consists of 2 main components: the Bystro Python package, which consists of the Bystro ML library, CLI tool, and a collection of easy to use biology tools including global ancestry and the Bystro annotator (Perl).
```
